
https://codepen.io/AlexCopley/pen/yLaOZgP?editors=1100


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
a semantic element is an element that is specifally used to define its content.
    
2. What is HTML used for? 
html is used to markup the text of a webpage. 
    
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
special words inside of tags used to control the elements behaviour
    
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 tags are used for the header of the page and should only be used once since it should be the largest text on the page. 
    
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
image and source elements
    
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <title>My test page</title>
  </head>
    
7. What is an id? 
id is an identifier that is unique to its element 
    
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
ones that will never repeat that you need to use only once to edit in css and js
    
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    
10. What is a class? 
a class is a broad identifier that you can add to an element or multiple elements to call them in css or js
    
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any 
    
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many as you'd like but don't get carried away 
    
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
need anchor tags and the href attribute set to the URL of the page you want to link to
    
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
if the image cannot be displayed then the alt tag will put text explaining anything in replace. 
    
15. How do I reference an id?
#'name'
    
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
the section tag defines sections such as header footer and content while div is used to sections divisions the content creater wants to make. 
   
 17. What is CSS used for? 
its the style markup language to add style to your page 
    
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {

}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
use class when selecting a group of content that can be used over the entire page while id you'd use for a one time title or a specific item like a map.
    
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.'name'
    
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human {

}
    
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Only when you need to select the direct children of the body or content you're trying to edit. 
    
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div .sidebar {

}
    
24. What is a pseudo selector?
Psuedo class selectors are css selectors with a colon preceding them. 
   
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property 
    
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: 
    
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
 border: dotted 1px black;
    
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
    
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls
    
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm 'file' and cause it can remove content
    
34. Why should I use version control?
 Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting. Changes made in one part of the software can be incompatible with those made by another developer working at the same time
    
35. How often should I commit to github? 
every time you make a change
    
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin 'name'
    
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
 fork
clone
checkout
code .
commit
push
